they sing with more stats than Ella more
risks than Luther these are these
sensations throwing more vocal gimmicks
than any other singers in history
they're the king and queen of maxed out
music Cephas and resi mayweather look
out you're lucky he chased a weasel what
did it say
here we go pop goes the weasel' abrasca
and now they'll sing for you on this new
Cape L album we typed the May weathers
can take any song and give it that
special trip out the baby he had a Sabra
this for you
won't you will you be you'll also get
all of Cephas and Reese's greatest hit
the number one song in the tri-state
area for almost a week and a half we
typed he also received a special voice
your very own tin the karat gold-plated
tooth back just like they 1c for some
reason we'll just in the eleven dollars
in cash to we typed P o box two and a
half live with New Jersey one zero zero
two two and get all the secrets in
receipt you can stand